Add new TLS field for mTLS support for server based sources (#36998)
DataDog/documentation: layouts/shortcodes/observability_pipelines/tls_settings_mtls.en.md

> -(Optional) Toggle **Verify certificate** to require connecting clients to present a valid client certificate. This enforces mutual TLS (mTLS), where the Worker verifies the identity of each connecting client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- (Optional) Toggle **Verify certificate** to require connecting clients to present a valid client certificate. This enforces mutual TLS (mTLS), where the Worker verifies the identity of each connecting client.
```

> Optionally, after you enable TLS, toggle **Verify certificate** to require connecting clients to present a valid client certificate. This enforces mutual TLS (mTLS), where the Worker verifies the identity of each connecting client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-(Optional) Toggle **Verify certificate** to require connecting clients to present a valid client certificate. This enforces mutual TLS (mTLS), where the Worker verifies the identity of each connecting client.
```
